Workday 12.0.0 Reference Guide (#697)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/workday/workday-reference.adoc

| Proxy Configuration a| One of:

* <<Default>>
* <<NTLM>> |  |  |
| Use Persistent Connections a| Boolean | If false, each connection is closed after the first request is completed. |  `true` |
| Max Connections a| Number | The maximum number of outbound connections that are kept open at the same time. By default, the number of connections is unlimited. |  `-1` |
| Connection Idle Timeout a| Number |  How long a connection can remain idle before it is closed, based on the unit specified in the Connection Idle Timeout Unit field. The value of this attribute is only used when persistent connections are enabled. |  30 |
| Connection Idle Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The unit for Connection idle timeout |  SECONDS |

> | Stream Response a| Boolean | Whether or not received responses should be streamed, meaning processing will continue as soon as all headers are parsed and the body streamed as it arrives. When enabled, the response MUST be read because, depending on the configured buffer size, the response may not fit into memory. If so, processing stops until space is available. |  `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Stream Response a| Boolean | Whether or not to stream received responses, meaning processing continues at the moment all headers are parsed and the body is streamed as it arrives. When enabled, the response MUST be read because, depending on the configured buffer size, the response might not fit into memory, in which case processing stops until space is available. |  `false` |
```

| Response Buffer Size a| Number | The space in bytes for the buffer where the HTTP response is stored. The `-1` default sets
the buffer size to 10 KB. |  `-1` |

> | Connection Timeout a| Number |  How long a connection can remain idle before it is closed, based on the unit specified in the Connection Timeout Unit field. The value of this attribute is only used when persistent connections are enabled. |  30 | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  How long a connection can remain idle before it is closed, based on the unit specified in the Connection Timeout Unit field. The value of this attribute is used only when persistent connections are enabled. |  30 | 
```

| Connection Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS

> ** DAYS |  The unit for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DAYS |  The unit for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS | 
```

| User Name a| String | Username |  | x
| Password a| String | Password |  | x
| Tenant name a| String |  Your Workday tenant name or ID. |  | x
| Host name a| String |  Host name of your Workday instance. |  `impl-cc.workday.com` |

> | TLS Configuration a| <<Tls>> | Protocol to use for communication. Valid values are HTTP and HTTPS. Default value is HTTP. When using HTTPS, the HTTP communication is secured using TLS / SSL. In this case, the user needs to configure at least the keystore in the tls:context child element of this listener-config. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TLS Configuration a| <<Tls>> | Protocol to use for communication. Valid values are HTTP and HTTPS. When using HTTPS, the HTTP communication is secured using TLS or SSL. In this case, the user must configure at least the keystore in the `tls:context` child element of this listener-config. | HTTP |
```

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
|===

== Input Source

[[modified-objects-listener]]
=== On Modified Objects
`<workday:modified-objects-listener>`

Initiates a flow when an instance of the specified Workday object type is created, modified, or deleted.

==== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use | | x
| Watermark Enabled a| Boolean |  | false |
| Object Type a| String
a|  The Workday object type that applies to this input source. The following object types are supported:

** JOB_PROFILES
** WORKERS
** POSITIONS
** EVERGREEN_REQUISITIONS
** JOB_REQUISITIONS |  | x

> | Updated From a| String |  Required date format is 'yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSS' |  | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Updated From a| String |  Required date format is 'yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSS' |  | 
```

| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Operation a| String | Type of operation to execute. |  | x
| Content a| Binary |  Payload for the operation. |  `#[payload]` |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Response Timeout a| Number |  How long to wait for a response, based on the unit in the Response Timeout field  |  |
| Response Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The unit for the Response Timeout parameter |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output. The result is stored in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

> * <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy for handling connectivity errors |  |

Reviewer: Per Kim, we shouldn't use the word "handling" or "handle" as it is ambiguous. In the case of this sentence, I would just say: A retry strategy for connectivity errors

| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Operation a| String |  Type of operation to execute. |  | x
| Content a| Binary |  Payload for the operation. |  `#[payload]` |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Response Timeout a| Number |  How long to wait for a response, based on the unit in the Response Timeout field  |  |
| Response Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The unit for the Response Timeout parameter |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output. The result is stored in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

> * <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy for handling connectivity errors. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy for connectivity errors. |  |
```

| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Operation a| String |  Type of operation to execute. |  | x
| Content a| Binary |  Payload for the operation. |  `#[payload]` |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Response Timeout a| Number |  How long to wait for a response, based on the unit in the Response Timeout field  |  |
| Response Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The unit for the Response Timeout parameter |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output. The result is stored in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

> * <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy for handling connectivity errors. |  |

Reviewer: Same as previous comment. I won't keep commenting.

`<workday:compensation-review>`

> Invoke the Compensation Review web service, which contains operations that exposes the Workday human capital management business services compensation review related data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the Compensation Review web service, which contains operations that expose the Workday human capital management business services compensation review related data.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Path a| String | The location (which is resolved relative to the current classpath and file system, if possible) of the trust store. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Path a| String | The location (which is resolved relative to the current classpath and file system, if possible) of the truststore. |  |
```

Reviewer: It should always be truststore and keystore, but it's up to you whether or not you want to make that effort.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Max Redelivery Count a| Number | The maximum number of times a message can be redelivered and processed unsuccessfully before triggering process-failed-message |  |
| Use Secure Hash a| Boolean | Whether to use a secure hash algorithm to identify a redelivered message. |  |
| Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is SHA-256. |  |

> | Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property may only be set if useSecureHash is false. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property can be set only if Use Secure Hash is false. |  |
```

> | Object Store a| Object Store | The object store where the redelivery counter for each message is going to be stored. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Object Store a| Object Store | The object store where the redelivery counter for each message is stored. |  |
```
